when you're working double layer
knitting
vomiting with stocking state
we have to keep the French yarn for the
front layer always in front of the back
layer stitches so I must keep that white
yarn out of the way whilst they work the
blue back purl so it's a series of knits
the front keep the front yarn forward
purl the back stitch take the back yarn
out of the way while staying at the
front one and so on
alternating across the rope when it
perform a color change this instead of
being a white knit is now going to be a
blue knit bring the blue yarn out of the
way whilst I do a white pearl so blue
knit yarn forward weight purl yarn back
to knit yarn forward white pearl and the
arm sort of naturally drops to the back
because of the way I'm holding it but as
long as you just think about where the
arms are going to be and to keep them
out of the way of the opposing stitches
you should be fine and I'm going to go
back to the original pattern so I'm
going to go to knit white pearl blue and
I'm always dealing in pairs of stitches
so if I have a good look at this row now
you'll be able to see where I've made
the color changes you have to read it
quite hard so or quite carefully there's
white white knit blue purl one two three
four five of them then there's a double
blue stitch that's a good indicator that
that's where the color change took place
then it's blue knit white purl one two
three four five there's the double
stitch that's where the color change
took place and then there are two more
pairs with white knits and blue pearls
so we've changed color over that section
of the road now in the paint rock scarf
we actually add an extra degree of
interest by putting some reverse
stocking stitches into the squares of
color so let's just set the hands up
again
and we're going to match the colors but
not necessarily map to the stitches so
I'm going to knit that one and purl that
one knit this that one and now I'm at
the color change but this time instead
of working these white stitches as knits
I'm going to work them as pearls so in
actual fact my yarn is in the right
position already and I don't have to
move it in order to knit the blue one so
when I'm actually working reversed
stocking stitch on both layers
I don't need to move the arms nearly as
much it just feels odd after all the
moving of yarns when you're working
stocking stitch so I'm matching the
stitch colors that I'm creating reverse
stocking stitch on the front fabric and
reverse tucking a stitch on the back
fabric now I'm going to go back to
stocking stitch again so I'm going to
knit my front stitch pull my back stitch
knit my friend purl my back and keep the
yarns out of the way of one another
if I failed to move that pearl that
white yarn
whilst I did that blue knit when I go to
take it to work the next one I'm going
to get a piece of yarn in front of it
that's the reason we have to move yarns
out of the way of one another one
working stocking stitch
and there's the start of our reverse
stocking stitch square this is the paint
box scarf it's worked in a solid color
and a variegated yarn with a very gentle
color gradation one side the major grid
is in the solid on the other side it's
in the variegated and this the paint box
blocks are worked in Reverse stocking
stitch so there are four rows where you
do stocking stitch just all on its own
and then you reverse the colors for
seven stitches to start the paint box
off you don't immediately start with
reverse stocking stitch because you'd
get contrasting colored pearl blips at
the bottom so the first row is in
stocking stitch of the color change and
after that you check you actually work
in Reverse stocking stitch on both sides
of the fabric to give you this nice
textured look
double knitting is much harder to think
about than it is to actually do get some
needles give it a try it really is lots
of fun
you